Update docs to cover "ELevating CentOS 7 to AlmaLinux 10" (#625)
AlmaLinux/wiki: docs/elevate/ELevate-quickstart-guide.md

\** - upgrading to Oracle Linux 9 is available with the [Oracle Leapp utility](https://blogs.oracle.com/linux/post/upgrade-oracle-linux-8-to-oracle-linux-9-using-leapp) and will not be supported by ELevate project.<br>
\*** - Currently, updgrades to AlmaLinux 10 and AlmaLinux Kitten 10 don't support x86_64_v2 architecture.

### Requirements

> You need CentOS 7, Scientific Linux 7, AlmaLinux 8, CentOS Stream 8, Rocky Linux 8, AlmaLinux 9 or CentOS Stream 9 system installed to use this guide.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Depending on your upgrade path, you'll need one of the following systems installed to use this guide:
* CentOS 7 – if you're upgrading to EL 8
* Scientific Linux 7 – if you're upgrading to AlmaLinux 8
* AlmaLinux 8, CentOS Stream 8, or Rocky Linux 8 – if you're upgrading to EL 9
* AlmaLinux 9 or CentOS Stream 9 – if you're upgrading to EL10
```
